README.md, before:

tjtag-pi is a fork of [tjtag][] with support for [Raspberry Pi][pi]
which eliminates the need for a PC with parallel port.

WARNING
=======

Be warned that incorrect usage can lead to a point of no return
situation. Before you do anything besides what is described here, please
do research on how to use this tool. A good starting point is the
excellent and cautionary `guide.pdf` written by the HairyDairyMaid, the
original author. Always backup before flashing.

Requirements
============

 * A Raspberry Pi (I've only tested model B as of late 2013)
 * [Dual female jumper wires][jumper] to connect GPIO pins to WRT
 * Pins soldered on the JTAG header on WRT
 * Beverege to enjoy afterward

Setup
=====

 1. Hook up the two boards as per the diagram in `wiring.jpg`
 2. Power up your WRT
 3. Checkout the code, compile and run it

        $ cd ~
        $ git clone git@github.com:oxplot/tjtag-pi.git
        $ cd tjtag-pi
        $ make pi
        $ ./tjtag -probeonly

    If it gets stuck, try using `/noemw` option.

If at this point, your SoC and flash is recognized, you're all set.
Enjoy your beverage and look for an appropriate guide that explains how
to use tjtag to revive/upgrade your router's firmware.

[jumper]: http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/1-pin-dualfemale-jumper-wire-100mm-50pcs-pack-p-260.html?cPath=44
[tjtag]: http://sourceforge.net/projects/tjtag/
[pi]: http://www.raspberrypi.org/

Commit message:

Updated README to mention /delay:N option
Signed-off-by: Mansour Behabadi <mansour@oxplot.com>

README.md, after:

tjtag-pi is a fork of [tjtag][] with support for [Raspberry Pi][pi]
which eliminates the need for a PC with parallel port.

WARNING
=======

Be warned that incorrect usage can lead to a point of no return
situation. Before you do anything besides what is described here, please
do research on how to use this tool. A good starting point is the
excellent and cautionary `guide.pdf` written by the HairyDairyMaid, the
original author. Always backup before flashing.

Requirements
============

 * A Raspberry Pi (I've only tested model B as of late 2013)
 * [Dual female jumper wires][jumper] to connect GPIO pins to WRT
 * Pins soldered on the JTAG header on WRT
 * Beverege to enjoy afterward

Setup
=====

 1. Hook up the two boards as per the diagram in `wiring.jpg`
 2. Power up your WRT
 3. Checkout the code, compile and run it

        $ cd ~
        $ git clone git@github.com:oxplot/tjtag-pi.git
        $ cd tjtag-pi
        $ make pi
        $ ./tjtag -probeonly

    If it gets stuck, try using `/noemw` option.

If at this point, your SoC and flash is recognized, you're all set.
Enjoy your beverage and look for an appropriate guide that explains how
to use tjtag to revive/upgrade your router's firmware.

Notes
=====

 * If you have issues with reliability of your connection, you can slow
   down the speed of _tjtag_ by using `/delay:N` command line option.
   `N` is the amount of time to delay flipping the clock signal. The
   higher the value, the slower the transfer rate.

[jumper]: http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/1-pin-dualfemale-jumper-wire-100mm-50pcs-pack-p-260.html?cPath=44
[tjtag]: http://sourceforge.net/projects/tjtag/
[pi]: http://www.raspberrypi.org/
